[Docs] Baseline actor docs and move around some other files as well (#364)
pokt-network/poktroll: docusaurus/docs/actors/relay_miner.md

---
title: RelayMiner
sidebar_position: 5
---

# RelayMiner <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [CLI](#cli)

## Overview

> An `RelayMiner` is responsible for for relaying requests between a client dApp

Reviewer: I think you wanted to say: Relaying requests between the `AppGate Server` and the `Service`

(e.g. mobile app, web app, etc...) and the `Supplier`s on Pocket Network, handling
all intermediary business logic.

> A `Gateway` operator or a sovereign `Application` interested in accessing Pocket

Reviewer: This paragraph should talk about the `Supplier` interested in proposing `Services`

Network directly would need to run an `AppGate Server` or custom software that
implements the same functionality.

## Configuration

> Configurations to stake an `AppGate Server` can be found [relayminer_config.md](../configs/relayminer_config.md).

Reviewer: This should talk about configuration for operating a `RelayMiner`.

## CLI

> All of the operations needed to start and operate an `AppGate Server` can be viewed by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the operations needed to start and operate a `RelayMiner` can be viewed by running:
```
